suggest link to reference guide (#8045)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/examples-and-guides-overview.adoc

[#next-steps]
== Next steps
- Read the <<sample-config#,Sample config.yml Files>> document for examples of using concurrent workflows, sequential workflows, fan-in/fan-out workflows, and building Linux and iOS in one configuration file.

> - Refer to the reference guide https://circleci.com/docs/configuration-reference/ for detailed syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Refer to the xref:configuration-reference#[Configuration reference page] for detailed syntax.
```

Reviewer: @diego-assetowl thanks so much for your suggestion! Just a formatting change then we can get this added 🙏

Author: Great, absolutely, thanks !
